Updated readme mentioning ROS Melodic (#38)
JdeRobot/assets: README.md

This repository contains all models and worlds required by the JdeRobot exercises. An effort has been made to have minimal new models and reuse the official models as much as possible. This is due to the fact that any models that are available through the official sources and are not available in the system are automatically downloaded and saved for future usage (This does mean that the first time boot may be much slower - depending on one's internet connection)

## Installation

### ROS Melodic 

> The `master` branch has been released on the official ROS build farm and can be downloaded using the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `master` branch has been released on the official ROS build farm and can be installed using the command:
```

```bash
sudo apt-get install ros-melodic-jderobot-assets
```

> The `kinetic-devel` branch has reached it's End Of Life (EOL) on the official ROS build farm and can be downloaded using the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kinetic-devel` branch has reached it's End Of Life (EOL) but can still be installed using the command:
```

### ROS Kinetic

```bash
sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-jderobot-assets
```

## ROS Distro Support

|         | Melodic | Kinetic |
|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
| Branch  | [`master`](https://github.com/JdeRobot/assets/tree/master)| [`kinetic-devel`](https://github.com/JdeRobot/assets/tree/kinetic-devel) |
| Status  | supported | EOL |
| Version | [version](http://repositories.ros.org/status_page/ros_melodic_default.html?q=jderobot_assets)| [version](http://repositories.ros.org/status_page/ros_kinetic_default.html?q=jderobot_assets) |

## ROS Buildfarm

### Ubuntu

> |         |  Melodic bionic |  Kinetic xenial  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|         |  Melodic Bionic |  Kinetic Xenial  |
```

| bin arm64 | [![released](http://build.ros.org/buildStatus/icon?job=Mbin_ubv8_uBv8__jderobot_assets__ubuntu_bionic_arm64__binary)](http://build.ros.org/job/Mbin_ubv8_uBv8__jderobot_assets__ubuntu_bionic_arm64__binary/) | [![released](http://build.ros.org/buildStatus/icon?job=Kbin_uxv8_uXv8__jderobot_assets__ubuntu_xenial_arm64__binary)](http://build.ros.org/job/Kbin_uxv8_uXv8__jderobot_assets__ubuntu_xenial_arm64__binary/) |
| bin armhf | [![released](http://build.ros.org/buildStatus/icon?job=Mbin_ubhf_uBhf__jderobot_assets__ubuntu_bionic_armhf__binary)](http://build.ros.org/job/Mbin_ubhf_uBhf__jderobot_assets__ubuntu_bionic_armhf__binary/) | [![released](http://build.ros.org/buildStatus/icon?job=Kbin_uxhf_uXhf__jderobot_assets__ubuntu_xenial_armhf__binary)](http://build.ros.org/job/Kbin_uxhf_uXhf__jderobot_assets__ubuntu_xenial_armhf__binary/) |

### Debian

> |         |  Melodic debian   | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|         |  Melodic Stretch   | 
```

> The `kinetic-devel` branch has been released on the official ROS build farm and can be downloaded using the command:

Reviewer: This line should be updated too

## Installation

### ROS Kinetic

```bash
sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-jderobot-assets
```

### ROS Melodic

```bash
sudo apt-get install ros-melodic-jderobot-assets
```

## ROS Distro Support

|         | Kinetic | Melodic |
|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
| Branch  | [`kinetic-devel`](https://github.com/JdeRobot/assets/tree/kinetic-devel) |[`master`](https://github.com/JdeRobot/assets/tree/master)|
| Status  |  supported | supported |
| Version | [version](http://repositories.ros.org/status_page/ros_kinetic_default.html?q=jderobot_assets) |[version](http://repositories.ros.org/status_page/ros_melodic_default.html?q=jderobot_assets)|

## ROS Buildfarm

> |         |  Kinetic Source  |  Kinetic Debian |  Melodic Source  |  Melodic Debian |

Reviewer: Since there are multiple builds that we should keep a track of, they should all be organized neatly in a table here. I see you have added the builds for Melodic src and deb, this is good, however, it would be better to have all of them (14 in total listed here: http://build.ros.org/search/?q=assets&Jenkins-Crumb=99a80b2cb06504872692e2b82369531b2602da69c8d612edb05a65c893daa884). How about 2 tables, for Ubuntu and Debian, with the ROS version and distro on the y axis and the types of builds on the x axis.
